# skip lines starting with #
#
# file name;display name
balancas;Balanças
canecas;Canecas
squeezes;Squeezes
portacopo;Porta Copos
kitcaneta;Kits Escritório
calculadoras;Calculadoras
mousepads;Mouse Pads
chaveiros;Chaveiros
espelhos;Espelhos
pinceis;Pincéis para Maquiagem
pincas;Pinças
portaperfumes;Porta perfumes
necessaires;Necessaires
portabatom;Porta Batons
portabolsa;Porta Bolsas
ferramentas;Ferramentas
canivetes;Canivetes
alicates;Alicates
jogos;Jogos
radios;Rádios
kitchurrasco;Kits Churrasco
kitqueijo;Kits Queijo
kitcozinha;Kits Cozinha
kitvinho;Kits Vinho
whisky;Cantis para Whisky
kitmanicure;Kits Manicure
kitcostura;Kits Costura
lanternas;Lanternas
lupas;Lupas
portacartao;Porta Cartões
binoculos;Binóculos
blocos;Blocos para Anotação
portafoto;Porta Fotos
relogios;Relógios
portacanetas;Porta Canetas
garrafastermicas;Garrafas Térmicas
coqueteleiras;Coqueteleiras
